We've now reached a point in marketing
where if your marketing team is not
using agents,
and in particular profound agents, to do
marketing, then you are failing.
>> Mhm.
>> It's gone from a nice-to-have to a
must-have, and I think the big
misconception with using agents to build
marketing is that it's just a way to
automate
the work that we've been doing in the
past.
>> Yep.
>> And the reality is quite different. It's
that you can now, because of agents and
because of LLMs, you can do a type of
marketing that just frankly was not
possible before.
>> Hi and welcome to Training Data. Um
excited to welcome you, James, uh
co-founder and CEO of Profound. Um so,
Profound is a marketing platform for the
AI era. You help companies understand
how they show up in an AI search for
agents like ChatGPT and Claude, what to
do to improve their rankings and
visibilities, and also you help give a
single marketer the power of an agency.
And I think it's especially timely to
have you on the podcast today, given
that ChatGPT is rolling out ads, given
that every marketer is now trying to
figure out, you know, how do I rank uh
in the in the generative search engine
rankings, and everyone's trying to
figure out this brave new world of
agent-led growth. So, I'm very excited
for the conversation.
Um let's start with So, you serve 10% of
the Fortune 500. You have a great sense
of your customer and what the average
marketer is facing today. Maybe take us
through through their journey. Um
what did marketing look like in the old
days before ChatGPT, and what are
marketers having to respond to now?
>> Yeah. Um well, thanks for having me on,
Sonya. Um
I mean, I think
you know, what we're
what we're witnessing is the biggest
platform shift in the history of
marketing as the world turns from blue
link search, like predetermined blue
link search, to probabilistic AI
responses.
Um
And it's And it's more than that as
well. It's not just kind of a case of do
you show up when
someone asks ChatGPT about your
category. Um it's, you know, what does
ChatGPT say or how does Claude, you
know, recommend your software, for
example, if you're talking about coding
tools. Um
It's It's It's the These models are
really replacing, you know, it's the
agents and superintelligence is
replacing the role of the consumer. It's
not so much that the front door of the
internet has changed. It's actually the
person that's going through the door has
changed. It's gone from being a consumer
that is
using a list of blue links to discover
your website and click into it to an
agent is now using, you know, a similar
index and discovering your brand,
products, and services and then coming
back through the door and, you know,
maintaining that relationship with the
consumer.
>> That's so fascinating. Okay, so your
your point is, you know, ChatGPT may be
the new front door, but the thing that's
important for marketers is, you know,
you now have an agent walking through
that door and making a big part of that
buying decision for you.
>> Yeah, it's this I think that's the
that's the fundamental difference. It's
that the internet has remained the same.
It's just who is using the internet.
When you ask ChatGPT a question or
Gemini a question, what you're
essentially doing is asking an agent to
go and crawl the internet on your
behalf.
And that is an agent that's going to
visit all of those websites that you
used to visit. And it's an agent that's
going to determine if that's useful or
this is useful and remix all of that
information into an answer that it spits
out to you as, uh, you know, here you
go.
>> Yeah.
What What think is the biggest
misconception people have about what it
takes to to show up well for this new
agentic paradigm?
>> I think the biggest misconception is
that it's just SEO.
>> Mhm.
>> You know, there there's
a reason why that misconception exists
because yeah, of course you still you
know, in in any world of marketing
and discovery, there is an impetus on a
brand or you know, the you said we work
with this is close to 12% of the Fortune
500 now. Their marketing teams use
profound.
And in any world, the solution to a
problem is to create content, distribute
content on your own own channels or you
know, earned media or social channels
etc. So, they're very similar levers to
what we've seen with SEO and yes,
ranking on the index still matters. It's
just that
the human consumer is no longer using
the web.
And you are building content that may
quite literally never be consumed
by a human.
And I think the fundamental difference
between SEO and this new world is that
in SEO, you were building content
that was designed to be you know, picked
up by an algorithm
but fundamentally consumed by a human.
Whereas in this new world, you are
building content that is frankly
designed entirely to be both discovered
and then consumed by an agent.
>> Mhm.
And what does that mean? So, I imagine
humans are less patient than agents. Um
I I imagine humans are more prone to
emotional biases and being swayed by
language than agents. Like what are the
what are the biggest differences between
how humans and how agents consume the
internet that marketers should keep in
mind?
>> It's understanding that an agent
crawling the web looking for an answer
or providing an answer frankly um will
discover information differently
to a human and
so it would yeah you it uses the index
differently to us.
In the old world of SEO, you know, 95%
of the value was being in that top four
blue links.
>> Yeah.
>> The top five blue links.
And that really is a function of our
scarce cognitive energy and patience and
our
our lack of time.
>> Yeah.
>> Where an agent is using
that index, it's we what we've seen is
ChatGPT or Gemini or Claude are far more
prone to using the long tail of the
internet. And the amount of surface area
that an agent will use to answer a
question
is orders of magnitude
wider than a human.
>> Hm.
>> Like for instance, probably about three
or four months ago, um I was looking for
a shower head
for my apartment in New York City and I
used ChatGPT to help me find a
new shower head and it used 65 different
web pages to answer that question.
>> Wow.
I think I probably went to 65 web pages
on my own for that query.
A very important purchase.
>> But I think it's and and it's the, you
know, marketers need to understand that
you are building
marketing
for
a super intelligent agent with infinite
bandwidth with you know, as the cost of
inference goes down as well and we you
know, experience Moore's law, it
Moore's law continues, we're going to
see agents only use more and more of the
internet to build rich answers.
>> Yeah, totally.
Um fascinating. Are there certain
categories, you mentioned you serve 12%
of the Fortune 500. Are there certain
categories where people are seeing more
success in terms of these agentic search
results actually driving meaningful
traffic to them and in certain
categories where it's really more still
traditional SEO world?
>> Um
I mean, this is across the board now.
So, you know, I I when we began, we saw
more demand from software companies.
And I'd say today, we
Yeah, we work with every single
category, every single sector you can
imagine. Finance, consumer, CPG,
um software,
and
and there's B2B as well. That B2B direct
to consumer, um
>> And is the impact relatively consistent
across the board, or are there certain
categories or subcategories that are,
you know, much more influenced by
agentic search?
>> I think consumer consideration is an
important vector here. So, if you have a
high consideration or a high ticket
purchase, you know, think consumer
electronics or, you know, auto, you
know, like a car, white white goods, uh
anything that would typically require
a fair amount of research.
I think we see
AI being used more and more by end
consumers because it's frankly just
better at doing all that deep research.
You know, AI is so brilliant for
researching product. I mean, have you
ever used AI to research for a find a
product?
>> All the time. Using it right now to to
buy a car. Cool. I'm not going to out
myself for the specific car, but it's
been very helpful.
Um Across the board, do you see that the
different, you know, ChatGPT versus
Claude versus, you know, Grok and
Gemini,
do you see them recommending things
differently and
and and and if if if so, what what's the
root cause?
>> Yeah, I mean, we see huge differences
between the platforms.
>> Okay.
>> Um and frankly, you know, as a shameless
plug, that's why marketers are using uh
software like Profound because what
we're able to do is help you understand
not just how your brand or product shows
up across different platforms. So, you
know, okay, do you show up more
frequently in Gemini responses or Claude
responses or ChatGPT responses?
But also, we extract the sentiment and
the themes around, you know, so when
Claude surfaces your brand or product,
what are the other things that it says
alongside the answer?
>> Yeah.
>> But then, we also get to the root cause.
So, we show we expose to marketers,
okay, these are the citations and
sources that the different models are
using
to answer questions about your brand,
your products, your category, or your
competitors.
>> Yeah.
>> So, once you understand the what and the
why,
then in Profound, what your the next
step is you're building and deploying
your own agents
to sort through all of that data and
build a new type of marketing.
>> And is the primary root cause that they
have, you know, different harnesses is
the primary primary root cause that they
have different training data mix?
Primary root cause some of them, you
know,
bias for, let's say, Reddit data over,
you know, company-owned
uh platforms. Like, what's the root
cause for why these platforms are so
different in terms of how companies show
up?
>> Think of them This sounds either very
reductive, but think of them as just
different
and you know, different species.
>> Hm.
>> If the, you know,
what we've seen is Gemini will lean on
YouTube content a ton, which makes
sense.
>> Hm.
>> Cuz Google owns YouTube. So, that we see
we see,
you know, YouTube being a huge lever for
brands or marketers that want to appear
in Gemini responses.
>> Hm.
>> Whereas ChatGPT, yeah, we see typically
pulls from Reddit if it's consumer or if
it's B2B, it will typically pull from
LinkedIn. We see as a huge source of
truth.
>> Hm.
>> Um
Claude uh is
Claude has has
been changing a lot recently. You know,
I think what
>> And why is that? I noticed this. Um it
seems like between 4.5 and 4.6 even like
what it's recommending has changed a
lot. Why do you think that is?
>> I think Claude has typically or Claude
has historically relied more on the
pre-trained LLM to answer questions
and is now, I think they've updated
their classifiers or something that's,
you know, basically that the classifier
seems to have become a bit more
sensitive to, you know, real-time
information. So, Claude will use the web
more to answer questions.
>> Hm.
>> Is what we're finding.
>> Okay.
>> But I think, you know, the the next
paradigm here, we're so we're such
humans are such creatures of heuristic
that when we think about this new world,
we really want to pattern match it to
the old world of search and SEO, which
was just information retrieval.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah, whether yeah, that was it was
ranking, it was do you show up?
versus
now the the new era of you know, I think
you coined this nicely with ALG,
agent-led growth, it's the
Claude doesn't just represent a new
channel of discovery, Claude represents
a user.
So,
you know, if I'm vibe coding um with
Claude or Claude code,
you know, does it recommend MongoDB or
Vercel? Like what what is the what is
the weapon of choice that the Claude
goes to and why and where where does it
get that information from? And then if I
say if we sort
you know, if we choose to go with
MongoDB, how does Claude navigate that
interoperability? Where does it get that
information from?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
I'd love to chat about what this means
in terms of content and content
marketing.
Um you you told me earlier that agents
will consume a 100x more internet, which
I thought was a really fascinating way
to put it, which means that marketers
will need to create a 100x more content.
Um is the solution just like everyone's
going to be like spamming marketing slop
to cover all the long-tail queries so
that, you know, when I ask for what's
the right shower head for like I need
this specific uh specification and I am,
you know, this exact demographic, um
that there's a landing page to to kind
of cover for that um for that use case.
And then we're just are we just going to
be covered by
you know, mark content marketing slop
for lack of a better word?
>> I mean, I think
there was a recent study that said it's
estimated about 50% of the web is now
utilizing AI-written content.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh The New York Times uh recently
published an experiment where they
created two articles, one written by a
human like a journalist, and the second
written by a by AI.
And it was like 53% of readers voted
afterwards on a blind test that they
preferred the AI-written content.
>> Wow.
>> I think slop is a red herring that
is going to be quite quickly disproven.
You you can you know it's it's it's a
really
I'm not saying you're suggesting this,
but I do think that this idea of
if it's written by AI equals slop
uh is a stupid one.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> I think AI is more than capable of
writing high-quality content,
high-quality marketing. It's just that
the way to think about it is that the
consumer is super intelligent now.
So you as a brand
or a marketer, you need to tell Claude
something it doesn't know.
>> Mhm.
>> How do you tell a super intelligent
being something it doesn't know already?
When it's been trained on the entire
internet?
>> Mhm.
How do you?
What what do you say?
>> I think you have to have original
insight. You know, really humans are
this kind of fleshy API between reality
and
the internet at this point, right?
>> Man, I'm just a fleshy API. Okay.
>> So what are the it's first principle
marketing. It's thinking from first
principles. Okay, if I'm marketing the
new Nike
Alphafly, like what can I tell Claude
about this new product
that it wouldn't be able to get from the
internet
already? Because it's it's it's it has
access to the internet. It has access to
everything. It's been pre-trained on
everything that exists.
And that's that's you know that's more
mysterious if you're talking about an
existing product. If we're launching a
new product, of course Claude doesn't
know anything about that product.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> If we're launching the Alphafly 2,
it's your imperative as a marketer not
to poison the models or manipulate what
ChatGPT says about that new product, but
as a marketer, it's your responsibility
now to equip super intelligence to be
able to answer any question about your
product, brand, or service.
>> Mhm. Okay, so it's fundamentally a
question of legibility.
>> Yeah, I I'd say to an extent.
>> do you make your how do you make your
company and your products legible to an
agent?
>> I think that's correct, yeah. And if you
if if you're building software,
it goes way beyond legibility. It's, you
know, yeah, usability.
>> Yeah.
>> Interoperability.
>> Yeah. Huh.
>> Like how does how does Claude
troubleshoot that issue?
>> Yeah, very interesting. Um
do you think that people are trying to
game the system? And is trying to game
the system effective?
>> I mean, yes, like of course. Yeah,
people you see, you know, there's
there's this huge wave around uh like
comparative listicles,
for example. I mean, frankly, dare I say
this, and I'm going to,
you know, make a disclaimer here and say
that, you know, I wouldn't advise people
do this, but frankly, we still see it
working very effectively.
Um but I'm sure this will change over
time and get punished by the models or,
you know, the
>> I'm sorry, what exactly works very
effectively?
>> Sorry, yeah. The comparative listicles.
So, meaning that, you know, if I were
Sequoia, I would create uh a
you know, 10 best
VCs in Silicon Valley
and place Sequoia at the top and maybe
pick, you know, some of your less
formidable foes and rank them as second,
third, fourth, fifth, and basically shun
out your real competitors.
>> Mhm.
>> You know, self-serving content designed
to give impartial advice.
>> Yeah.
>> And what we found is because
of the way that these models reason,
they're very attracted to pieces of
content that have already done the the
hard work.
>> Mhm.
>> Because they don't want to use the first
principle thinking of like, okay, let me
go and check out everything about
Sequoia, and then everything about
Kleiner Perkins, and actually compare
the two. I'd much rather find a piece of
content that exists and seems impartial
and has compared the two against each
other.
>> I guess the models aren't infinitely
patient then. They're a little bit lazy,
too.
>> Yeah, I think yeah, it's a path of least
resistance, maybe. Um but I do think
over time, you know, going back to my 65
websites for a shower head,
I think over time we can expect that to
change and we'll see a lot more kind of
like first principle reasoning coming
from the models. And I think that it can
right now it can be prompted as well.
>> Yep. Yep.
>> So, when I mean, it's funny when I use
models to discover if I use ChatGPT or
Claude to
discover a product or to research a
product or service, I'll quite often say
ignore any listicle articles.
>> Mhm.
>> Or yeah, or I'll say, you know, ignore
any
uh content published by the brand
itself.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Interesting.
Um I'd love to chat about
dead internet theory.
Like
at what point do you think the internet
is just primarily being browsed by
agents? And at that point
you know, does a company's
marketing website matter at all? Does a
company's
you know, ranking in the search engine
in the traditional search engines matter
at all? Or should we all just have a
readme file for the agents to crawl?
>> I mean, at the risk of sounding a little
dramatic, I think that we could
experience a dead internet outcome in
the next 3 years.
Um I do think it's possible. I'm you
know, maybe not likely. Um but you know,
what does that mean? It means that in a
world where humans just speak to AI
to get the responses that they need,
the incentive to publish content
diminishes
to the point of zero.
Meaning, you know, we rely as humans
today
and AI, frankly. So, humans and AI rely
we we underestimate just how much we
rely on
first-party reporting
to to feed the information that AI uses
to answer questions or to feed the
information that appears in a search
engine that we rely on every day. And I
think in a world where humans no longer
click into websites, the majority of the
internet is still funded by advertising
for a start. So, you know, most
publishers rely heavily on advertising
revenue
to to fuel all of the content that is
being more and more consumed by AI.
>> Mhm.
>> In a world where consumers, humans
aren't visiting those web pages anymore,
well, what's the, you know, what what's
the point in advertising on a web page
that a human isn't visiting? It's then
their business model breaks, the
economics of the internet break, and the
incentives to create editorial content
are removed.
>> Yep.
>> And then in that world, you start to ask
the question, well, where does AI go to
answer these questions?
>> You know, the readme files.
>> But then who Why would you publish a
readme file?
>> Cuz the agent needs to go somewhere to
answer a question, right?
>> It works if you're a brand or a
marketer, but why would you, you know,
would you publish a blog? What's the
point?
>> I'd publish a hi, I'm Sonya, the the VC,
and these are the companies I've worked
with. And And And like as a, you know,
founders trying to reason through which
venture capitalist I work with, I get
find my readme file.
>> I think that's correct for
you know,
commercially driven content.
>> Mhm.
>> But, you know, there's a lot of the
internet is just people yapping and
sharing ideas.
>> enough.
>> And that's what we rely on. And the
reason why this is worked so well in the
past is because humans are very
incentivized by
um
money and status.
>> Mhm.
>> You know, if I publish a really good
blog post and put advertising on it, I
can earn money from that blog.
Or I'm recognized and I become famous.
Yeah. But in a world where AI just goes
into that piece of content, vacuums all
the good stuff out of it, and then
remixes it, and maybe I get a little
citation at the bottom of the article,
but who cares? No one's
>> Yep. clicking those citations. The
incentive to create that rich, original
content, you know, that the fleshy API
that we are talking about,
it diminishes to zero.
>> Yeah. Huh. What do you think is the
likelihood of this scenario?
>> I mean, I thought about it quite a lot,
and I
think it's quite possible, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, I think that
the place is, you know,
if you ask kind of okay, well, what are
the second-order outcomes? Like, what
happens after that? I think
a theory I have is that every AI lab
will eventually like vertically
integrate with a social media network.
So, I think, you know, social media will
become more and more human. I think, you
know, already, I mean, Meta
is actually probably leading the way
here. It's like it's very hard to build
a bot and post on Instagram.
>> Yeah.
>> Right now. It's very human.
>> Mhm.
>> So, I think social media networks become
more human over time.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's the place where we can
exchange ideas for status or money, you
know, you see X is doing lots of, you
know, YouTube X. The The The
The economics are starting to shake out
where you can get financially rewarded
>> Yeah.
>> for creating good content.
And so, social media will become the
platform where we share ideas. And if
you vertically integrate that with an
AI, like, you know, what we've seen with
Grok and X, Grok
very skillfully uses all of the rich
content and data from X to answer
questions in quite a thoughtful way.
>> Yeah, interesting. Okay, so you're
saying that, you know, the internet as
we know it
has kind of been this like
economic/social
status game machine that just works.
If more and more and more of the content
is just consumed by agents, it kind of
breaks some of those fundamental
assumptions. And so, therefore,
both the economic engine and the social
status game will kind of move into these
like bio zones
of social media networks.
>> Yeah, we're seeing that with Reddit now.
>> Mhm.
>> Is that Reddit is in Reddit is truly
embracing its humanity.
>> Mhm.
>> And saying, okay, we this is a precious
place. And it is precious. I think it's
really important. I think the we we take
the internet for granted. It's a
wonderful thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
and
yeah, I think we need these human
environments so that we can share ideas.
>> Yeah.
>> Original ideas.
Yeah, that will be it'll be these places
where AI
you know, understands reality. That's
how AI
taps into what's actually going on in
the world.
>> Can't you imagine that these platforms
just ban,
you know, agents from scraping their
platforms and then the business model
then becomes,
you know, a revenue share from the
original creator of the content to hey
chat GPT, if you want to scrape this,
it's going to cost you a lot of money.
And so doesn't that kind of solve the
economics challenge?
>> Yeah, I mean, X has obviously just
opened up their API, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And Reddit has got a big deal with
OpenAI for example. Yeah, so that all of
that Yeah, that that could work. And I
think that speaks to my idea of this
sort of like vertical integration.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, I yeah, I know nothing, so I'm
saying this purely on vibes, but I've
always had this theory that maybe OpenAI
would acquire Reddit for example.
>> Mhm.
>> I think that'd be interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> And you need this source of human data
>> in real time.
>> Very
>> The alternative is robots, I suppose,
you know, because if there you know, if
you said we end up with
50 billion robots walking around, you
know, maybe they're bipedal, maybe
they're drones or something, but it
allows AI to capture first-party data.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And it undermines that idea of humans
being
a fleshy API.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Because the AI can directly understand
the world.
>> Very interesting. I'd love to talk about
advertising since we've been talking
about ads in the context of the
internet. Um now that ads are coming to
some of these
um
generative AI agents,
how do you think that changes the
consumer relationship
to the engines?
>> I think people will get over very
quickly.
>> Mhm.
>> As we did with Google.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
Yeah, I think advertising or generative
advertising I should say in a
conversational interface with higher
levels of personalization
>> Yeah.
>> will be the most effective form of
advertising the world has ever seen.
There's so much rich consumer intent
captured inside of these conversations.
>> Yep.
>> That
And And also in in addition
to that point, AI is so good at
synthesizing and personalizing language
to the needs of Sonia in that exact
moment because it understands you so
deeply that I think
you know, once ChatGPT
is able to append
a super personalized ad in the exact
moment in a conversation where you would
be the most responsive to it,
it will be extremely effective.
I've got a great team working on ads.
Um
>> What do you think the ad unit of the
future looks like?
>> I think I mean, OpenAI have alluded to
this. This isn't original thought from
me.
Um
But yeah, I think you would just prompt
AI. So, you'll be able to system prompt
as an ad campaign.
>> Yeah.
>> So, you will just say
"Hey, I really want to target, you know,
women in Minnesota between the age of 35
and 40 and like Yeah, if you could make
sure you meant whenever they're talking
about photography, I want you to mention
this this this.
But don't mention this and make sure you
really, you know, you utilize this this
knowledge base of understanding so you
know how to talk about our brand
products and services, but obviously
tailor it to their tone of voice." And
that's probably how you'll deliver an ad
campaign. You'll say, "I want to make
this much money ideally."
>> Yeah.
Do you think it's less relevant in the
B2B context?
>> The nuance with B2B or just coding
agents, people using AI to build things.
>> Mhm.
>> So, this is particularly relevant to,
you know, dev tools or software, for
example,
is that
the agent is really steering the the
purchase decision.
>> Yeah.
>> And
when it comes to advertising, we rely,
you know, we we
we really want our agents to be
objective and unswayable. You know, if
you if you were using Claude and it was
like, "Hey,
I actually went with
insert name of database because they
showed me a really good ad."
You're like,
"Dude, no.
Use whatever's best."
>> Yeah.
>> Um we we as humans are not objective
creatures, but we we like to think we
are.
>> Mhm.
>> So, you have been swayed by the
incredible branding of Vercel.
You have been swayed by that podcast you
watched with the founder of MongoDB.
>> Yeah.
>> You just don't know it.
And because of that, we like we, you
know, we we demand that our agents are
objective, too.
>> Mhm.
>> But it will the Yeah, the the
relationship we have with advertising as
it pertains to agents shopping on our
behalf is going to be quite different.
>> Fascinating.
>> Mhm.
Um okay, parting wisdom for for
marketers that are trying to figure out
how to make sure that they're well
positioned for this new era.
Um perhaps with bosses sending them
screenshots every day of like, "Hey, I
put in this query. Why why are you not
number one on the list?" What wisdom
would you impart on them?
>> Uh use Profound.
I'm serious.
>> Um okay, use Profound aside. Like what
what what should they be like what what
should they be doing? I know there are
no silver bullets, but what are the most
important things to remember to equip
themselves for this new world?
>> Um
I mean, look, like actually real, like
no shilling. Uh genuinely, you need to
use a platform like Profound to
understand how you show up because
otherwise you're just guessing. You
know, you could there there there are
these the the there there these like
reductionisms around, "Oh, yeah,
LinkedIn or Reddit really matters." But
if you are just going on vibes, you will
fail.
>> Yep.
>> Each category
is quite specific, and you need to look
at the sources and understand the
sources and citations to determine
how and why
AI is mentioning you in its responses.
>> Mhm.
>> But then the second part is that we've
now reached a point in marketing where
if your marketing team is not using
agents,
and in particular profound agents, to do
marketing,
to build content,
to build marketing, distribute
marketing, then you are failing
>> Mhm.
>> as a marketer.
I think this is it's gone from a
nice-to-have to a must-have, and I think
the big misconception with using agents
to build marketing is that it's just a
way to automate
the work that we've been doing in the
past.
>> Yep.
>> And the reality is quite different. It's
that you can now, because of agents and
because of LLMs, you can do a type of
marketing that just frankly was not
possible before.
So, you could build an agent that, you
know, but for instance, we have an agent
that we've built in-house, a marketing
agent,
that plumbs in all of our Gong
transcripts
from our sales calls,
and then captures all of the objections,
buckets the objections into themes,
>> Mhm.
>> and then builds battle cards that we
then that utilizing a knowledge base of
our product that it then spits back to
the sales team.
>> Nice.
>> In real time.
And, you know, 18 months ago that would
not have been possible. It would have
taken a human who would have done it
like once a quarter.
>> Yeah.
>> Now it Now it runs every day in real
time.
>> Okay. So, the advice is
you need visibility cuz you can't
optimize what you can't see, and to like
fully embrace
agentic marketing. If you're If you're
not using it, you're just you're you're
incredibly behind.
>> Yeah, I think it it would be like not
using the internet
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah, I think it would be like, "Hey,
we're going to stick to print and TV.
>> Yeah.
>> Thanks, I I believe in this internet
thing."
>> Awesome, James, Uh thank you for this
conversation. I really loved kind of
peeling back the onion on how exactly
agent-led growth works. And you've been
at the forefront of so much of it. So,
thank you for joining today and sharing
your hot takes and advice with with our
audience.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me.